,headline,summary,total_length,pos_count,neg_count,sentiment
0,web3 onboard the next billion user the road ahead,polar in public discours be increas and to stop it the world desper need the next gener of the internet a decentr web3. recent geopolit event have polar the world. partisanship and the ideolog divid have further balkan the internet whose gatekeep have trampl upon the right of million to access financi services. nation be gradual wake up to the realiti of have neutral protocol and nation stacks. hail as the next gener of the internet web3 will be sanction resist and free of data silos. gavin wood co founder of ethereum and creator of polkadot and kusama coin the term web3 in 2004. five year later the bitcoin btc white paper wa releas in 2009 which further cement the imper of decentralization. be the decentr narr here to stay let s find out whi web3 be gain grind today. relat decentr vs. central where doe the futur lie expert answer web3 role of decentr in the innov economi web3 can offer global digit rail to aid innov and independence.,179,1,18,-0.095
1,tech roundup appl chip and chin stock lead a week of sector varieti,appl grab it usual amount of headlin thi past week but it have plenti of compani in the spotlight as thank to chip china and uber.,39,0,1,-0.026
2,appl reportedli hasn t compli with a dutch order to open app payment option,back in januari the netherland order appl to allow local avail date app to use third parti system to collect payments. the compani have until januari 15th to compli with the rule or face fines. accord to reuter the compani ha yet to adher to the order in a way that satisfi the countri s author for consum and market regulator. last week appl reportedli submit a new propos that the acm rejected. no detail about the offer includ inform on how it differ from the compani s current approach be share by reuter . when appl announc it would compli with the acm s order in januari it say it would take a 27 percent commiss from third parti transactions. to date the regul ha fine appl to the tune of 45 million approxim $49 million . accord to reuter the acm will fine appl again next week. at that point the compani could face even higher monetari penalties. the fine come as appl and other app store oper face increas pressur to open their marketplac to third parti payment systems.,194,0,15,-0.077
3,samsung s art inspir frame tv be on sale today for it best price ever,samsung s last gen frame tv be more afford than ever right now at woot where you can buy the 55 inch model for $899.99. you can also save today on appl s latest ipad philip hue light and lg s massiv gram 17 laptop.,61,1,1,0.0
4,thi steel compani ha a better 1 year return than tesla lucid appl microsoft bitcoin cash and ethereum,cleveland cliff inc nyse clf be know as a global leader in flat roll steel product and over the past year ha deliv eye pop return for investors. sinc march 2021 cleveland cliff stock s 1 year return ha outperform sever of the world s most popular ev tech stock and cryptocurr tesla inc nasdaq tsla appl inc nasdaq aapl lucid group inc nasdaq lcid bitcoin cash crypto bch and ethereum crypto eth . cleveland cliff be a flat roll steel produc full stori avail on benzinga.com,105,0,2,-0.019
5,googl appl will need to be forcibl remov from app fee busi analyst say,googl goog googl recent reveal a pilot program that will allow spotifi spot user to circumv googl play s bill system.,35,0,0,0.0
6,jim cramer say to buy faang stock next time analyst say they re not invest,,15,1,0,0.067
7,appl consid gadget subscript model russia block googl news video cnet,in thi week s top stori appl consid a subscript model so user can rent their gadgets. also russia restrict googl news access insid it border and moderna seek author of it covid 19 vaccin for kid under 6.,50,0,0,0.0
8,china s belt and road come to america s heartland part 2 thi be not the end,china s belt and road come to america s heartland part 2 thi be not the end author by forti analysi via human terrain earlier thi year forti analysi releas detail on the propos by fufeng group a ccp connect compani to build a wet corn mill and amino acid product facil in grand fork nd. in conduct further research interview local resid and work with recogn expert in nation secur and unit state trade law it be more and more clear that the grand fork citi council and mayor brandon bochenski be both econom and constitut illiterate. pictur fufeng usa chief oper offic eric chutorash speak to grand fork citi council a singl line of inquiri into thi project be imposs so we will work to highlight a ring of domain where thi project fall short of both good sens and the law of the land. to that end let s first explor the faq on thi project releas by the grand fork region econom develop council.,185,0,8,-0.043
9,dow jone futur what the market ralli need now six stock in focu tesla rival xpeng on tap,the major index continu higher thi past week but tesla and appl be strong stock that could benefit from a brief pause.,40,0,2,-0.05
10,appl and googl critic the new eu tech law that will radic chang the way they ve oper for the past 20 year,big tech compani includ appl meta googl amazon and microsoft be expect to be affected.,38,0,3,-0.079
11,spotifi pull out of russia cite new law restrict free express,,11,0,0,0.0
12,spotifi will fulli suspend servic in russia,spotifi be shutter more of it russian oper in respons to that countri s invas of ukraine. in a statement to varieti the compani say it would fulli suspend servic in russia for an indefinit period. while the music streamer initi believ it wa import to keep some servic run to provid trust independ inform it wa concern that recent law restrict free speech and accur news report would put the safeti of staff and listen at risk. the compani alreadi halt access to it pay premium servic earlier in march and remov content from state back russian media outlet rt and sputnik . thi latest move will cut off free service. the further withdraw like win t hurt spotifi s financ to a signific degre but it might limit the compani s influenc in russia. while the countri onli repres 1 percent of spotifi s total revenu deloitt estim the servic wa the second largest stream music servic with 36 percent share in 2021.,171,0,9,-0.053
13,how to open a stock market account,a low cost brokerag account will allow you to buy individu stock mutual fund exchang trade fund and other invest outsid of your employ s retir account. you can open an account deposit money and execut trade onlin with a comput a tablet or even a smartphone. but first you have to pick a brokerag firm. the one that s right for you depend on the kind of servic you want. for starter check out kipling s annual survey of onlin brokerag firm which rate nine onlin broker on a varieti of measur from fee to breadth of invest offer to custom service. what you need to open an account brokerag firm make it easi to open an account onlin as long as you meet a few requirements. you must have a valid social secur number and a legal u.s. residenti address within the 50 state the district of columbia or puerto rico among other things. you ll have to choos whether you want to open a taxabl non retir account or a retir account such as a tradit or roth ira .,190,1,4,-0.016
14,nasdaq lead wall st lower as tech stock lose grind,the nasdaq and the s p 500 fell on friday as a ralli in technolog stock lose steam while the dow hold steadi with financi share rise on grow bet of bigger interest rate hike by the feder reserve. megacap stock appl inc tesla microsoft corp and nvidia corp slip between 0.5 and 1.9 after lead,68,0,4,-0.059
15,high qualiti tech investor will be reward come earn season some stock to consid,investor who focu on high qualiti technolog stock will be reward come earn season accord to dougla c. lane associ sarat sethi . that s whi he pick up share of qualcomm inc nasdaq qcom on the pullback. qualcomm be just a depress stock with a great balanc sheet and they say they re go to buy back over $10 billion of their stock sethi say friday on cnbc s fast money halftim report. appl inc nasdaq full stori avail on benzinga.com,96,1,1,0.0
16,googl s $5.4 billion acquisit more than doubl gafam 2021 cybersecur spend,googl amazon facebook appl and microsoft gafam spend $2.4b in 2021 fend off cyber attacks. and as per a recent tradingplatforms.com analysi thi expenditur be about to more than doubl follow googl s acquisit of cybersecur outfit mandiant for $5.4b. cyber threat have grow by leap and bind as busi embrac remot work say tradingplatforms.com s edith reads. she add so,78,0,0,0.0
17,friday mar. 25 2022 jim cramer highlight marvel disney and appl,jim cramer and jeff mark compar sever differ semiconductor stock includ marvel nvidia and qualcomm and explain whi marvel be their stock of the day. they also break down what disney be do to boost revenu and whi appl be the key to the market.,56,0,3,-0.054
18,vergecast asu rog flow z13 samsung s freestyl projector and appl s iphon subscript servic plan,the verg s podcast crew discuss the tech headlin from thi site thi week includ googl s deal with spotifi over app fee noth s first smartphon and the struggl with tv projectors.,49,0,3,-0.061
19,household applianc global market report 2022,major compani in the market includ samsung electron co. ltd. haier smart home co. ltd. lg electron qingdao haier co. ltd. daikin industri ltd whirlpool corp midea group co ltd robert bosch gmbh appl and electrolux ab. major compani in the market includ samsung electron co. ltd. haier smart home co. ltd. lg electron qingdao haier co. ltd. daikin industri ltd whirlpool corp midea group co ltd robert bosch gmbh appl and electrolux ab.,80,0,2,-0.025
20,review oppo s find x5 pro challeng the best that samsung and appl have to offer,oppo s latest flagship phone the find x5 pro be basic a fusion of the best qualiti compon current on the market and a few bespok design items.,44,0,4,-0.091
21,dow jone futur market ralli like nvidia and amd lead chip nio earn mix,dow jone futur rise earli friday along with s p 500 and nasdaq futures. thursday s stock market ralli rebound from the previou day s decline. x nvidia nvda and the advanc micro devic amd be the big winner on a strong semiconductor day. nvidia and amd stock ha filter out some resist level provid strong addit entri for exist long term stock holders. fellow chip maker from broadcom avgo clear a purchas point while play the item petroleum marathon mpc and the a hors a hors at least dure the day. googl parent the alphabet googl a new buy signal be blinking. nation anthem antm return to a purchas area thi be where health insur compani and servic provid do well. new profit after close tesla tsla ev competitor new nio mention a bigger loss than expect while fourth quarter revenu lead by a small margin. but it wa a low gear for deliveri in the first quarter. earlier thursday the first et7 luxuri sedan roll off the assembl line.,185,1,10,-0.049
22,meta appl amazon and alphabet face new landmark european regul nasdaq fb,meta platform fb appl aapl amazon amzn and alphabet goog googl be set to face a new landmark piec of legisl after the european union agre to the digit market,42,0,2,-0.048
23,big tech ha a chanc to patch thing up with europ,appl facebook alphabet amazon and microsoft face strict new rule in the bloc. fight them be probabl futile.,29,0,1,-0.034
24,futur edg higher as tech stock resum climb,u.s. stock index futur creep higher on friday with beat down growth stock resum their march higher even as investor grappl with concern about the russia ukrain conflict and the possibl of bigger interest rate hikes. tech titan meta platform microsoft corp alphabet inc appl inc and amazon.com rise in premarket trade after lead wall street s rebound,68,0,2,-0.029
25,appl add nfc car key support for hyundai and kia vehicl,appl ha ad contactless nfc car key support to the 2022 model of hyundai s genesi gv60 and g90 and to kia s niro cars.,36,0,1,-0.028
26,after us big tech see more troubl from eu reuter,strict new rule target the u.s. tech giant will like be effect in octob reuter report base on eu antitrust chief. in 2021 margreth vestag propos a list of do and don ts for amazon.com inc nasdaq amzn appl inc nasdaq aapl meta full stori avail on benzinga.com,61,0,1,-0.016
27,appl weigh hardwar subscript for iphon,appl inc nasdaq aapl be work on a subscript servic for the iphon and other hardwar product bloomberg report . appl s move could make devic ownership similar to pay a monthli app fee similar to peloton interact inc nasdaq pton . a bernstein analyst pitch the idea in 2016 say that it could help appl get to a $1 trillion market valuation. appl look to make the process of full stori avail on benzinga.com,80,0,3,-0.038
28,eu target u.s. tech giant with a new rulebook aim at curb their domin,,15,0,0,0.0
29,stock steadi appl boe okta hack and chelsea sale five thing you must know,stock futur steadi oil slip as biden wrap up european summit appl lead big tech lower as eu see octob launch for new rule boe share dip on 737 max delay report china crash search okta share extend slide as british polic arrest alleg hacker and american group emerg as favorit to buy chelsea footbal club.,70,1,0,0.014
30,refurbish smartphon sale return on flipkart. check brand and price,refurbish smartphon from appl samsung googl and redmi nokia motorola etc be avail,23,0,0,0.0
31,asia market mix despit ny gain,asian equiti ignor new york to price in weekend risk asian equiti be have a mix day onc again despit anoth sharp ralli in new york overnight. the reason behind the ralli in new york be tenuou most especi the eu declin to sanction russian energi imports. a stori circul that appl wa work on,61,0,3,-0.049
32,how the new eu tech regul be like to set global standard,landmark eu rule target alphabet unit googl amazon appl meta and microsoft be like to set a global benchmark and may even forc the tech giant to be more innov lawyer and expert said.,46,0,2,-0.043
33,new rule regul us tech giant like to set global standard eu,landmark eu rule target alphabet unit googl amazon appl meta and microsoft be like to set a global benchmark and may even forc the tech giant to be more innov lawyer and expert said.,46,0,1,-0.022
34,eu reach agreement on rule to rein in googl meta other tech giant,eu countri and lawmak have reach an agreement on an unpreced law to curb the market domin of the biggest tech compani such as alphabet s googl meta amazon and appl,44,0,2,-0.045
35,elon musk and mark zuckerberg fail to make cut in high charact ceo etf,among those whose firm didn t make the cut elon musk and mark zuckerberg. the first data show neither tesla inc. nor meta platform inc. be includ in the portfolio while rival megacap stock like appl inc. and amazon.com inc helm by tim cook and andi jassi respect be among top holdings.,67,0,3,-0.045
36,analysi new eu rule regul u.s. tech giant like to set global standard,landmark eu rule target alphabet unit googl amazon appl meta and microsoft be like to set a global benchmark and may even forc the tech giant to be more innov lawyer and expert said.,48,0,1,-0.021
37,analysi new eu rule regul us tech giant like to set global standard,brussel landmark eu rule target alphabet unit googl amazon appl meta and microsoft be like to set a global benchmark and may even forc the tech giant to be more innov lawyer and expert said.europ s antitrust chief margreth vestag on thursday win back from european union mem,62,0,1,-0.016
38,new eu rule regul u.s. tech giant like to set global standard,brussel landmark eu rule target alphabet unit googl amazon appl meta and microsoft be like to set a global benchmark and may even forc the tech giant to be more innov lawyer and expert said. europ s antitrust chief margreth vestag on thursday win back from european union member and eu lawmak for her propos,68,0,1,-0.015
39,xinhua world news summari at 0030 gmt march 25,london the european union countri and lawmak on thursday reach an agreement on an unpreced law to curb the market domin of the biggest tech compani such as alphabet s googl meta amazon and apple. the law call the digit market act be aim at stop the largest tech platform from use their interlock servic and consider resourc to box in user and squash emerg riva,75,0,6,-0.08
40,googl s $5.4bn acquisit more than doubl gafam 2021 cybersecur spend,googl amazon facebook appl and microsoft gafam spend $2.4b in 2021 fend off cyber attacks. and as per a recent tradingplatforms.com analysi thi expenditur be about to more than doubl follow googl s acquisit of cybersecur outfit mandiant for $5.4b. cyber threat have grow by leap and bind as busi embrac remot work say tradingplatforms.com s edith reads.,74,0,0,0.0
41,eu reach agreement on rule to rein in tech giant,london march 24 xinhua the european union eu countri and eu lawmak on thursday reach an agreement on an unpreced law to curb the market domin of the biggest tech compani such as alphabet s googl meta amazon and apple. the law call the digit market act dma be aim at stop the largest tech platform from use their interlock servic and consider resourc to box,76,0,6,-0.079
42,u. tech giant face tough new rule as eu countri lawmak clinch deal,brussel alphabet s googl amazon appl meta and microsoft may have to chang their core busi practic in europ as eu countri and eu lawmak on thursday clinch a deal on landmark rule to curb their powers. franc which current hold the rotat eu presid say in a tweet that there wa a provision agreement,68,0,1,-0.015
43,googl to allow altern payment system for spotify. don t expect appl to budge.,alphabet s googl unit will allow spotifi to offer an altern bill servic in it app set a preced for the googl play store platform.,39,0,1,-0.026
44,appl samsung drive 32 fold jump in smartphon export in 4 yr to top $5bn,india busi news new delhi lead by a strong push by appl and samsung to har the benefit and commit under the gov ernment s product link incent pli .,44,0,2,-0.045
45,cook nadella bezo make the cut zuckerberg musk don t in new return on charact etf,,16,0,1,-0.062
46,matter delay slow smart home devic maker plan,nanoleaf s exist essenti light bulb and light strip work with thread but win t be updat to support matter. imag nanoleaf you shouldn t be concern about the delay of matter the new smart home interoper standard becaus we re not. that s the messag from smart home devic maker eve system and nanoleaf who have be involv with develop the protocol that promis smart home nirvana sinc it earliest days. i think the three month delay might actual be a good thing say gimmi chu ceo of nanoleaf. i feel that now there s more certainti across the industri that we ll have uniti at time of launch. while there may be more certainti in the industri current smart home owner be still in a quagmir of uncertainti around which product to buy and when. especi now that chu ha confirm to the verg that nanoleaf s thread enabl a19 smart light bulb and light strip win t work with the standard. they will requir a differ chip say chu. we hope to launch a new essenti a19 and a new light strip when matter arriv thi year. thi be a blow to owner who buy the product think that be thread enabl mean they would be upgrad to matter.,220,2,10,-0.036
47,invest club what we re watch thursday afternoon includ whi we like qualcomm s deal with veoneer,appl and lind also among the club hold we have our eye on thi afternoon.,32,0,1,-0.031
48,tdv a fund featur dividend pay tech stock,it may surpris you that in 2021 the technolog sector wa the largest payer of dividend among sector in the s p 500 index accord to invest research firm cfra. see more the 22 best etf to buy for a prosper 2022 tech stock contribut more than 17 of the overal incom for the broad market benchmark. that s more than the contribut from healthcar 15 financi 14 and consum stapl 11 note cfra. and yet mani exchang trade fund that invest in compani with a track record of hike dividend have rel limit exposur to tech. the proshar s p 500 dividend aristocrat nobl for exampl which track an index requir firm to have post at least 25 consecut year of dividend increas hold 1.5 of asset in tech compar with 22 in consum staples. the proshar s p technolog dividend aristocrat tdv hold 77 of asset in tech stocks. track an index that requir a minimum of just seven year of dividend hike allow the fund to home in on tech name with the wherewith to consist return cash to shareholders.,192,1,11,-0.052
49,mobil phone export set to cross rs 43 500 crore thi financi year icea,the export of mobil phone from india be drive by appl and samsung,27,0,1,-0.037
